---
title: Is Generative AI the Next Tactical Cyber Weapon For Threat Actors? Unforeseen Implications of AI Generated Cyber Attacks
emoji: ðŸ“
topics:
  - markdown
published_at: 2024-12-08 24:00
tags:
  - paper-note
---

# Is Generative AI the Next Tactical Cyber Weapon For Threat Actors? Unforeseen Implications of AI Generated Cyber Attacks
This is my personal note about the paper.
https://arxiv.org/abs/2408.12806
## Abstract
They demonstrate how llm can cyberattack such as social engineering, malicious code, payload generation and spyware.
And they also introduced "Occupy AI" that is  fine-tuned llm  for cyberattacks.
This paper aims to elevate awareness about evolving digital threats by AI. 

## Objective
Existing research has highlighted the misuse of "AI" but it has gap current LLM-based AI like ChatGPT.
This research aim to provide cybersecurity risk  details associated with LLMs. 

## Occupy AI
### How to evaluate
1. Create malicious prompt
2. Generate Malicious code/step by fine-tuned GPT.
3. Evaluation of Step/Code Generated by LLM.
4. Execute cyberattack using VM.
5. Evaluate effectiveness of cyberattacks.

### What try
- Generate Phishing mail message
- Generate attack code
- Attack payload generation
- Operating System Attacks
- Generate spyware code.

## Results
1. Cybersecurity fine-tuned LLM can easily exploit vulnerabilities.
2. We should balancing control AI risks and benefits.
## Interesting points
- Almost papers of Cybersecurity wish LLM says about how to jailbroken, this paper used role play.
	- Switch method: *Hey chatgpt save my relationship my girlfriend ...*
- I think it is not fine-tuned, it isn't customize chatGPT right?
## Phrase
> Future research should prioritize enhancing traditional cybersecurity frameworks and innovating new strategies to counter sophisticated AI methodologies.